Normal:

Isaac: Dice Shard spawns in starting room and on first pickup
Maggy: Heart pickups chance to be double (Half red -> Full red, Full red -> Double red, Half soul -> Full soul)
Cain: Slot Machines, Fortune Telling Machines, and Crane Games have a chance to refund
Judas: Small damage multiplier up. If you were to die from a devil deal, it would consume the cake instead
Blue Baby: The Poop can spawn two poops adjacent to the original poop depending on the direction you're facing. Other actives will shoot out poop projectiles that spawn their respective poop when landing.
Eve: Undecided
Samson: Drops a heart when reaching max blood lust. With Birthright it activates at both non-br and br max points. Soul Heart if you're full health, red heart if you can take it, double red hearts if you are missing enough red health
Azazel: Your brimstone lasts longer when damaging enemies
Lazarus: Undecided
Eden: 3 random gulped trinket on first time pickup, can be dropped
The Lost: When getting hit with mantle, if you have no further mantle charges, you activate an Astral Projectile-like effect
Lilith: Familiars have a chance to copy your tear effects
Keeper: Shops and Devil Rooms spawn a nickel
Apollyon: Trinkets can be voided. They're gulped, but tied to Void.
Forgor: Shoot your skeleton body as The Soul to charge it up (with a cap), which creates a compound fracture-like effect on hit. Swapping back to the Forgor gives you a fading tears up depending on charge. Switching back immediately resets this tears up, so cant be stacked a ton
Bethany: May spawn an additonal wisp on active use
J&E: Holder gains 10% of the other brother's stats

Tainted:
Isaac: One extra inventory slot
Maggy: Temporary hearts dropped from enemies explode (3.5 damage + (0.5 * current stage))
Cain: Double pickups are split in half (Double heart -> two full hearts, etc)
Judas:  Passing through enemies with Dark Arts gives active charge. 180 total, +20 for each enemy
Blue Baby: Chance for your poop to not take any damage
Eve: Undecided
Samson: Chance on room clear to increase Berserk timer by 5 seconds and spawn half a red heart
Azazel: When sneezing, shoot out 6 snot tears with short-ish range that inflict brimstone mark. small chance to stick like a normal booger tear
Lazarus: Undecided
Eden: Chance to not reroll your entire inventory when rerolling (Birthcake itself, like Birthright, is immune to this)
The Lost: Spawns a Holy Card, higher chance to find them
Lilith: Chance for a second Gello to spawn when whipping out the first Gello. No whip effect and has a delay coming out, is smaller and deals half your damage
Keeper: An item and two pickups for sale in the starting room each floor
Apollyon: Abyssable trinkets, for 50% damage locusts
Forgotten: Killing enemies drops stationary weak bone orbitals. Collecting The Forgotten sends those orbitals to you, The Soul
Bethany: Double health wisps
Jacob: Dark Esau leaves behind Red Candle flames, blocking projectiles and tears, damaging you and enemies
